[Stream] Misc updates from product team (#18421)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/stream/pricing.mdx

- Deleted videos
- Downloadable files generated for [MP4 Downloads](/stream/viewing-videos/download-videos/)

> Storage consumption is rounded up to the second of video duration. File size does not matter. Video stored in Stream does not incur additional storage fees from other storage products like R2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storage consumption is rounded up to the second of video duration. File size does not matter. Video stored in Stream does not incur additional storage fees from other storage products such as R2.
```

Reviewer: Thought that "such as" could be better here so as not to potentially imply that R2 does incur additional fees from other storage products? Also, not a strong feeling on this though.

> Storage consumption is rounded up to the second of video duration. File size does not matter. Video stored in Stream does not incur additional storage fees from other storage products such as R2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Storage consumption is rounded up to the second of video duration, and file size does not matter. Video stored in Stream does not incur additional storage fees from other storage products such as R2.
```

> **If you run out of storage**, you will not be able to upload new videos or start new live streams until you purchase more storage or delete videos. Enterprise customers may continue to upload new content beyond their contracted quota without interruption.

Reviewer 2: I think this better suited as a note instead of leading with weighted text.
